README.md, before:

# Ghost-Zapier

## Getting started
The app is build using "Zapier Platform CLI". An introductory guide into building and maintaining such apps is available [here](https://platform.zapier.com/cli_tutorials/getting-started).

Quick command reference to get started with development:
```
# install the CLI globally
yarn global add zapier-platform-cli

# setup auth to Zapier's platform with a deploy key
zapier login

# setup dependencies
yarn

zapier test
```

## Node version support

All Zapier CLI apps are run using Node.js v12. More details are available in the [requirements doc](https://zapier.github.io/zapier-platform-cli/index.html#requirements).

Notes:
- there is a `.nvmrc` file in this project if you have `nvm` auto-switching enabled

## Ghost version support

Zapier checks the version of Ghost when authenticating to ensure that the API supports the required webhooks endpoints and other features. This is done by fetching the `/ghost/api/v2/admin/site/` endpoint.

When a new major version of Ghost is released the [supported version string](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost-Zapier/blob/4739696c1dde5a197ea89531536deebfab8f57ab/app/authentication.js#L4) must be updated!

## Local Testing

- `zapier test` will run the tests, you _have_ to be running Node 12
- `zapier test --debug` will test and output request and response logs

## Deploying

*Note:* This is a non-migratable ALPHA version of a rewrite, do _not_ follow the normal release process!

1. bump the version in `package.json`, update `CHANGELOG.md`, and commit
2. `zapier push`
3. <strike>`zapier promote {newVersion}` - new intregrations will use this version</strike>
4. <strike>`zapier migrate {oldVersion} {newVersion}`, eg: `zapier migrate 1.0.4 0.0.5`, existing integrations will be moved to the new version</strike>
5. <strike>`zapier history` to check migration status, continue once 100% complete</strike>

Commit message:

Added useful resources to the readme
no issue

- Links with general guidelines to keep in mind when designing new or making changes to existing integration features

README.md, after:

# Ghost-Zapier

## Getting started
The app is build using "Zapier Platform CLI". An introductory guide into building and maintaining such apps is available [here](https://platform.zapier.com/cli_tutorials/getting-started).

Quick command reference to get started with development:
```
# install the CLI globally
yarn global add zapier-platform-cli

# setup auth to Zapier's platform with a deploy key
zapier login

# setup dependencies
yarn

zapier test
```

## Node version support

All Zapier CLI apps are run using Node.js v12. More details are available in the [requirements doc](https://zapier.github.io/zapier-platform-cli/index.html#requirements).

Notes:
- there is a `.nvmrc` file in this project if you have `nvm` auto-switching enabled

## Ghost version support

Zapier checks the version of Ghost when authenticating to ensure that the API supports the required webhooks endpoints and other features. This is done by fetching the `/ghost/api/v2/admin/site/` endpoint.

When a new major version of Ghost is released the [supported version string](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost-Zapier/blob/4739696c1dde5a197ea89531536deebfab8f57ab/app/authentication.js#L4) must be updated!

## Useful resources

- [Integration review guidelines](https://platform.zapier.com/partners/integration-review-guidelines) - guidelines on best practices when publishing a new integration. Useful to keep in mind when developing new features
- [A guideline](https://zapier.com/developer/documentation/v2/planning-guide-v1/#update-actions) about how to best approach feature design in Zapier integration.

## Local Testing

- `zapier test` will run the tests, you _have_ to be running Node 12
- `zapier test --debug` will test and output request and response logs

## Deploying

*Note:* This is a non-migratable ALPHA version of a rewrite, do _not_ follow the normal release process!

1. bump the version in `package.json`, update `CHANGELOG.md`, and commit
2. `zapier push`
3. <strike>`zapier promote {newVersion}` - new intregrations will use this version</strike>
4. <strike>`zapier migrate {oldVersion} {newVersion}`, eg: `zapier migrate 1.0.4 0.0.5`, existing integrations will be moved to the new version</strike>
5. <strike>`zapier history` to check migration status, continue once 100% complete</strike>
